README.md, before:

# Basic Framework with PHP 7.4 and MySQL 10.4

## Installation on Windows

#### 1. Install xampp and run MySQL and Apache
#### 2. Open ~xampp/htdocs and execute in console:
  
* **git clone git@github.com:SKSteeve/Framework.git**
* **cd Framework**
* **composer dump-autoload**

#### 3. Now open http://localhost/Framework/Public/

#

## Documentation

#### 1. Routing
	You can register your routes inside Framework/Public/index.php
	
	The syntax is *$route->get('/', ['TestController', 'index']);* where:
	*get()* is the request method that accept route path as first argument and array with (string)controller name and (string)method name to handle the request
	Currently available methods: *get()*, *post()*, *put()*, *delete*
#### 2. Controllers
	You can define your controllers inside Framework/App/Controllers
	
	They should extend the BaseController to use:
	*$this->render();* method that will return the correct view

#### 3. Models
	You can define your models inside Framework/App/Models
	
#### 4. Views
	You can define your models inside Framework/Resources
	
	They should be .php files to use:
	*$data* array that will give you passed data key => value
	*$error* string that will give you if there was any error message passed form the controller
	*$success* string that will give you if there was any success messsage passed form the controller

Commit message:

Added Models and Database connection

README.md, after:

# Basic Framework with PHP 7.4 and MySQL 10.4

## Installation on Windows

#### 1. Install xampp and run MySQL and Apache
#### 2. Open ~xampp/htdocs and execute in console:
  
* **git clone git@github.com:SKSteeve/Framework.git**
* **cd Framework**
* **composer dump-autoload**

#### 3. Now open http://localhost/Framework/Public/

#

## Documentation

#### 1. Routing
	You can register your routes inside Framework/Public/index.php
	
	The syntax is *$route->get('/', ['TestController', 'index']);* where:
	*get()* is the request method that accept route path as first argument and array with (string)controller name and (string)method name to handle the request
	Currently available methods: *get()*, *post()*, *put()*, *delete*
#### 2. Controllers
	You can define your controllers inside Framework/App/Controllers
	
	They should extend the BaseController to use:
	*$this->render();* method that will return the correct view

#### 3. Models
	You can define your models inside Framework/App/Models
	
	Change the db.ini variables to make connection with your Database
	Once you created your database and changed db.ini files, you can execute the .example.sql to be able to test
	Define protected $table for the model.
	They should extend BaseModel to use:
	*$instance->create([]);* method that accepts array with key => values representing column and value to be saved 
	*$instance->find($id)* method that finds the object
	
#### 4. Views
	You can define your models inside Framework/Resources
	
	They should be .php files to use:
	*$data* array that will give you passed data key => value
	*$error* string that will give you if there was any error message passed form the controller
	*$success* string that will give you if there was any success messsage passed form the controller
